README.md, before:

# PowerShell Localization

A Visual Studio Code extension that displays PowerShell localization variable
values as decorations in your editor, making it easier to develop and debug
internationalized PowerShell modules.

![Example showing the inline decorator](static/image.png)

## Features

- **Live Decoration Display**: View localization variable values as decorations
  directly in your PowerShell files during code writing (Error Lens style)
- **Real-time Updates**: Values update automatically when localization files  
  change
- **Multi-language Support**: Works with all localization files (en-US, fr-FR,
  etc.)
- **PowerShell Integration**: Seamlessly integrates with PowerShell module
  development workflow
- **Debug Support**: Optional inline values during debugging sessions

## How It Works

The extension automatically scans for PowerShell modules (`.psm1` files) and
their associated localization data files (`.psd1` files in language-specific
folders like `en-US/`, `fr-FR/`, etc.). When you reference localization
variables in your PowerShell code using `$LocalizedData.VariableName`, the
extension will display the actual localized value as a decoration next to your
code.

## Requirements

- Visual Studio Code 1.102.0 or higher
- PowerShell modules with localization data files

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

- `powershellLocalization.enableDecorations`: Enable/disable decoration display
  of localization variable values during code writing (default: true)
- `powershellLocalization.enableInlineValues`: Enable/disable inline display of
  localization variable values during debugging (default: false)
- `powershellLocalization.searchExclude`: Configure glob patterns for excluding
  directories and files from PowerShell module scanning

## Installation

1. Package the extension using the provided scripts
2. Install the `.vsix` file in VS Code
3. Reload VS Code to activate the extension

## Development

To build and install this extension:

```bash
# Using PowerShell script
.\package-and-install.ps1

# Using npm scripts
yarn package-install

# Package only
yarn package-only
```

## Usage

1. Open a PowerShell module (`.psm1` file) that uses localization
2. Ensure you have localization data files in language folders (e.g.,
   `en-US/ModuleName.psd1`)
3. Reference localization variables in your code: `$LocalizedData.MessageText`
4. The extension will display the actual localized values inline

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit issues and pull requests.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat(build): ✨ Introduce `build.ps1` for streamlined packaging and installation
* Replaced `package-and-install.ps1` and `package-and-install.bat` with a unified `build.ps1` script.
* Added support for bootstrapping dependencies and running various tasks (e.g., `Test`, `Install`, `Package`).
* Updated `README.md` and `PACKAGING.md` to reflect new build process.
* Enhanced `package.json` scripts for improved task execution.
* Added `psake.ps1` for build task management and CI integration.
* Introduced `requirements.psd1` for dependency management.
* Added tests for `package.json` validation.

README.md, after:

# PowerShell Localization

A Visual Studio Code extension that displays PowerShell localization variable
values as decorations in your editor, making it easier to develop and debug
internationalized PowerShell modules.

<!-- Full image URL with https required for vscode -->
![Example showing the inline decorator](https://github.com/PSInclusive/PowerShellLocalization/raw/main/static/image.png)

## Features

- **Live Decoration Display**: View localization variable values as decorations
  directly in your PowerShell files during code writing (Error Lens style)
- **Real-time Updates**: Values update automatically when localization files  
  change
- **Multi-language Support**: Works with all localization files (en-US, fr-FR,
  etc.)
- **PowerShell Integration**: Seamlessly integrates with PowerShell module
  development workflow
- **Debug Support**: Optional inline values during debugging sessions

## How It Works

The extension automatically scans for PowerShell modules (`.psm1` files) and
their associated localization data files (`.psd1` files in language-specific
folders like `en-US/`, `fr-FR/`, etc.). When you reference localization
variables in your PowerShell code using `$LocalizedData.VariableName`, the
extension will display the actual localized value as a decoration next to your
code.

## Requirements

- Visual Studio Code 1.102.0 or higher
- PowerShell modules with localization data files

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

- `powershellLocalization.enableDecorations`: Enable/disable decoration display
  of localization variable values during code writing (default: true)
- `powershellLocalization.enableInlineValues`: Enable/disable inline display of
  localization variable values during debugging (default: false)
- `powershellLocalization.searchExclude`: Configure glob patterns for excluding
  directories and files from PowerShell module scanning

## Installation

1. Package the extension using the provided scripts
2. Install the `.vsix` file in VS Code
3. Reload VS Code to activate the extension

## Development

To build and install this extension:

```pwsh
# Using pwsh (all OS's)
./build.ps1 -Task Test
# Use the -Bootstrap flag to install all the dependancies.
./build.ps1 -Task Test -Bootstrap
# You can also list all the available tasks with -Help
./build.ps1 -Help
# To install a local build
./build.ps1 -Task Install
```

## Usage

1. Open a PowerShell module (`.psm1` file) that uses localization
2. Ensure you have localization data files in language folders (e.g.,
   `en-US/ModuleName.psd1`)
3. Reference localization variables in your code: `$LocalizedData.MessageText`
4. The extension will display the actual localized values inline

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit issues and pull requests.

## License

MIT
